Change language around deploy cadence (#624)
GSA-TTS/identity-handbook: _articles/appdev-deploy.md

### Cadence

- Most weeks, we plan to do a full deploy on Tuesday and Thursday.
- We are able to deploy at any time, but off-cycle deploys should be communicated with on-callers if possible

> - However, we do try to avoid deploying on days when more people will be out. This includes:
>    - Fridays to minimize scrambling to fix before the weekend.
>    - Before holidays, or any other time when many team members are on vacation, such as New Years / end of year.

Reviewer: Saying that we try to avoid this makes it feel, to me, like we fail to succeed at something if we do decide to deploy on a given Friday.

<details>
<summary>Or, in other words...</summary>

![Yoda](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/1f30f6d3-36d2-49d9-bad5-edcc5d34525f)

</details>

```suggestion
- We default to not deploying if we expect most of the team will be out on the following day. Some examples are:
   - Fridays
   - The day before a Federal holiday
   - The day before a large swath of the team is expected to be on vacation
```
